As of 18 Mar 2022, the `master` branch supports L4T R32.7.1/JetPack 4.6.1. 
As of 08 Apr 2022, the `dunfell` branch also supports L4T R32.7.1/JetPack 4.6.1. 

# Changes from L4T R32.6.1/JetPack 4.6

NVIDIA documentation:
* [L4T R32.7.1 release notes](https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/l4t/r32_release_v7.1/jetson_linux_driver_package_release_notes_r32.7.1_ga.pdf)
* [JetPack release page](https://developer.nvidia.com/jetpack-sdk-461)

## Machine changes

* R32.7.1 adds support for the 64GB Jetson AGX Xavier and 16GB Jetson Xavier NX modules. These should be supported without modifying any machine configuration files, although (as of this writing) that has not been tested.
 
## Flash layout file changes for t194 (Xavier) platforms

The flash layout XML files for the Jetson AGX Xavier Industrial module has been changed to add a second badpage partition. Since
there is no support yet for that module in meta-tegra, that should not affect any current users.

## Kernel updates

The security engine driver has been enhanced to provide `hwrng` device to the kernel, which can be used with the `rng-tools` entropy gatherer (for t186/t194 only).  Recipes to enable this on TX2 and Xavier platforms have been added to the [meta-tegra-community](https://github.com/OE4T/meta-tegra-community) repo.

### Firmware loading issue

NVIDIA modified the kernel firmware loader in a way that causes significant delays with the default kernel configuration, which enables the long-deprecated userland helper interface for firmware loading. Disabling `CONFIG_FW_LOADER_USER_HELPER` and `CONFIG_FW_LOADER_USER_HELPER_FALLBACK` fixes the delay, and this is done by default in the kernel recipe.


## U-Boot updates

The U-Boot in L4T R32.7.1 remains at U-Boot v2020.04, with added patches from NVIDIA. In this layer we continue to track
the upstream OE-Core U-Boot recipes in each branch, porting NVIDIA patches to our fork of the upstream U-Boot repository.

Note that unlike NVIDIA, our U-Boot fork uses a separate build configuration for the SDcard-based Nano (sku 0000) and the
eMMC production Nano (sku 0002), so patches related to supporting both in the same build have not been applied.

On t210 platforms, U-Boot is now responsible for loading the XUSB controller firmware; it is not loaded by cboot.

## cboot updates

cboot on the t186/t194 platforms added a new "unified" A/B redundancy mode that associates a bootloader slot with a rootfs slot.
For OE4T, this is equivalent to the "user" redundancy mode that we were already using.

## JetPack updates

JetPack 4.6.1 includes the following updates:
* VPI 1.2.3
* TensorRT 8.2.1


# DeepStream update

The DeepStream SDK has been updated from 6.0.0 to 6.0.1 for compatibility with the updated L4T/JetPack.  The DeepStream
recipes are in the [meta-tegra-community](https://github.com/OE4T/meta-tegra-community) repo.