As of 13 Jul 2020, the `master` and `dunfell-l4t-r32.4.3` branches support L4T R32.4.3/JetPack 4.4 (GA) content for Jetson TX1, Jetson TX2, Jetson Nano, and Jetson AGX Xavier, and Jetson Xavier NX.

# Notable changes from R32.3.1 / JetPack 4.3

NVIDIA documentation:
* [L4T R32.4.3 release notes](https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/secure/tools/files/jetpack-sdks/jetpack-4.4-ga/Jetson_Linux_Driver_Package_Release_Notes_R32.4.3_GA.pdf)
* [JetPack release notes](https://docs.nvidia.com/jetson/jetpack/release-notes/index.html)

## U-Boot updated to v2020.04

NVIDIA has upstreamed all of their U-Boot changes, so the `u-boot-tegra` recipe is now based off the upstream
U-Boot repository, instead of NVIDIA's.  NVIDIA has not yet created a separate U-Boot configuration for
the Nano eMMC (sku 0002) module, so patches have been added for it, as was done for R32.3.1.

**Note** that with L4T R32.4.3, NVIDIA has defined a region of the eMMC boot1 block (or QSPI flash on platforms that use it) for
storing the U-Boot environment block.  The `u-boot-tegra` sources have been changed to use the NVIDIA-defined location and size
for that region, which differs from prior versions.

## CUDA 10.2

JetPack 4.4 updates CUDA to version 10.2, which is compatible with GCC 8.  Recipes for building
the GCC 8 toolchain have been added to the `meta-tegra/contrib` layer.

## Fewer SDK Manager downloads required
With NVIDIA now providing direct package feeds for their L4T/JetPack OTA updates, recipes have been updated
to use those feeds where possible.  ~The host-side CUDA toolkit must still be downloaded using the SDK Manager,
as before.~ As of 24 Apr 2021, the host-side (x86-64) CUDA recipes have been updated to use package feeds
that NVIDIA has added for them as well.  SDK Manager is no longer required.

# Other Notes

## CUDA host tools
If you ran the SDK Manager on Ubuntu 16.04 to download the CUDA host-side tools, you should add the following setting to your build configuration:
```
CUDA_BINARIES_x86-64 = "cuda-binaries-ubuntu1604"
```
By default, the recipes assume you used Ubuntu 18.04 and reference that version of the CUDA host-side tools.

## Kernel `defconfig` file removed
The kernel (linux-tegra) recipe has been changed to generate the default configuration from the `arch/arm64/configs/tegra_defconfig` file in the source tree, rather than including the full kernel
configuration as a `defconfig` file.  If you have a customized kernel configuration and were overriding
the default configuration by supplying your own `defconfig` file, you will either need to convert your
modifications into config fragment files (see the [YP Linux Kernel Dev Manual](https://www.yoctoproject.org/docs/3.1/kernel-dev/kernel-dev.html) for documentation), or use a `.bbappend` file to add your `defconfig` file back into the SRC_URI.

## Tegraflash default packaging change
The `tegraflash` image type now generates a compressed tarball (`.tegraflash.tar.gz`) by default instead of a ZIP package (`.tegraflash.zip`), to better utilize sparse file support. See [this page](https://github.com/madisongh/meta-tegra/wiki/Tegraflash-enhancements) for more information.
