As of 30 Oct 2020, the `master` branch supports L4T R32.4.4/JetPack 4.4.1 content for Jetson TX1, Jetson TX2, Jetson Nano (including Nano 2GB devkit), and Jetson AGX Xavier, and Jetson Xavier NX.


# Changes from L4T R32.4.3/JetPack 4.4

NVIDIA documentation:
* [L4T R32.4.4 release notes](https://developer.download.nvidia.com/assets/embedded/downloads/Jetson_Linux_Driver_Package_Release_Notes_R32.4.4_EA.pdf)
* [JetPack release notes](https://docs.nvidia.com/jetson/jetpack/release-notes/index.html)

## Flash layout file changes for Tegra210 platforms

NVIDIA has updated their flashing tools in the Tegra210 BSP package so the `id=` field in the flash layout XML file
is used as the partition number in the GPT of the eMMC/SDcard.  They have updated their flash layouts to reflect that,
with the APP partition appearing at the end of the file with `id="1"`. Bear this in mind if you have customized flash
layouts for your TX1 or Nano devices.

## Kernel recipe using new branch

The kernel update into the `patches-l4t-r32.4` branch did not merge cleanly, so a the `linux-tegra_4.9.bb` recipe now points
to a new `oe4t-patches-l4t-r32.4` branch which has our patches rebased on top of the R32.4.4 release from NVIDIA.

## JetPack updates

None of the JetPack packages have changed in 4.4.1, except for a minor update to the Tegra MultiMedia API SDK.
The update obsoletes a patch for an issue that was present in the R32.4.3/4.4 version of the SDK.

## SDK Manager no longer required

As of 24 Apr 2021, the host-side (x86-64) CUDA recipes have been updated to use package feeds
that NVIDIA has added for them as well.  SDK Manager is no longer required.