As of 10 Aug 2021, the `dunfell` branch supports L4T R32.6.1/JetPack 4.6. Users of `dunfell` that wish to remain
at L4T R32.3.1 should switch to the `dunfell-l4t-r32.3.1` branch. As of 11 Aug 2021, the `master` branch was also
updated to R32.6.1.

As of 15 Nov 2021, the `dunfell`, `honister`, and `master` branches have all been updated to R32.6.1 with the updated
`nvidia-l4t-multimedia` and `nvidia-l4t-multimedia-utils` libraries that were released as part of JetPack 4.6 (rev 2)
in October 2021.  As of 17 Nov 2021, all JetPack 4.6 (rev 2) updates have been applied to the branches.

# Changes from L4T R32.5.x/JetPack 4.5

NVIDIA documentation:
* [L4T R32.6.1 release notes](https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/l4t/r32_release_v6.1/jetson_linux_driver_package_release_notes_r32.6.1_ga.pdf)
* [JetPack release page](https://developer.nvidia.com/jetpack-sdk-46)

## Machine changes

* R32.6.1 adds support for the Jetson AGX Xavier industrial module. No machine `.conf` is present in the layer yet for this module.
* Support for the Jetson AGX Xavier 8GB module has been removed.

Note that NVIDIA has announced that this L4T release will be the last to support the t210 (TX1/Nano) and t186 (TX2) platforms.
 
## Flash layout file changes for t194 (Xavier) platforms

The flash layout XML files for the Xavier platforms in the L4T BSP have been modified to include new attributes (but no location/size
changes).  In particular, the `xusb-fw` partition is now marked `oem_signed="true"`, as cboot now performs signature validation
on the USB controller firmware.

## Kernel updated to 4.9.253

The Linux kernel in R32.6.1 has been updated to a 4.9.253 base.

## U-Boot updates

The U-Boot in L4T R32.6.1 remains at U-Boot v2020.04, with added patches from NVIDIA. In this layer we continue to track
the upstream OE-Core U-Boot recipes in each branch, porting NVIDIA patches to our fork of the upstream U-Boot repository.

Note that unlike NVIDIA, our U-Boot fork uses a separate build configuration for the SDcard-based Nano (sku 0000) and the
eMMC production Nano (sku 0002), so patches related to supporting both in the same build have not been applied.

## cboot updates

cboot on the t186/t194 platforms added a new "unified" A/B redundancy mode that associates a bootloader slot with a rootfs slot.
For OE4T, this is equivalent to the "user" redundancy mode that we were already using.

## Flashing/signing tools updates

* As mentioned above, the USB controller firmware is now signed on t194 platforms.
* The PT (Tegra partition table) partition on t210 platforms now gets a 16-byte trailer added.
* Bootloader update payloads (BUPs) have been changed to include more version information in the header.

## Container support

* The Jetson-specific container runtime (`libnvidia-container-tools`) was updated to version 0.10, which adds a mechanism for filtering out some of the pass-through mounts.

## JetPack updates

JetPack 4.6 includes the following updates:
* VPI 1.1
* CUDA 10.2.300
* TensorRT 8.0.1
* cuDNN 8.2.1

JetPack 4.6 (rev2) was released in October 2021 with updates to support the DeepStream 6.0 SDK. (The DeepStream 6.0 SDK recipe has been integrated into the [meta-tegra-community](https://github.com/OE4T/meta-tegra-community) layer.)