As of 03 Feb 2021, the `master` branch supports L4T R32.5.0/JetPack 4.5 content for all current Jetson platforms. This support was
then ported to the `dunfell-l4t-r32.5.0` branch as of 10 Feb 2021.

# Changes from L4T R32.4.4/JetPack 4.4.1

NVIDIA documentation:
* [L4T R32.5.0 release notes](https://docs.nvidia.com/jetson/l4t/pdf/Jetson_Linux_Driver_Package_Release_Notes_R32.5_GA.pdf)
* [JetPack release notes](https://docs.nvidia.com/jetson/jetpack/release-notes/index.html)

## Machine name changes

Names of machine configuration files have change to match the updated naming convention in L4T R32.5.0. The main change is that
all of the machine names now include `devkit`, to make it clearer that they correspond to developer kits rather than bare modules.
Machine names unchanged from the last release are `jetson-nano-2gb-devkit`, `jetson-xavier-nx-devkit`, and `jetson-xavier-nx-devkit-emmc`.

| Old name            | New name                     |
|---------------------|------------------------------|
| jetson-tx1          | jetson-tx1-devkit            |
| jetson-tx2          | jetson-tx2-devkit            |
| jetson-tx2i         | jetson-tx2-devkit-tx2i       |
| jetson-tx2-4gb      | jetson-tx2-devkit-4gb        |
| jetson-nano-qspi-sd | jetson-nano-devkit           |
| jetson-nano-emmc    | jetson-nano-devkit-emmc      |
| jetson-xavier       | jetson-agx-xavier-devkit     |
| jetson-xavier-8gb   | jetson-agx-xavier-devkit-8gb |
 
## Flash layout file changes for Jetson Nano Developer Kit

On the Nano developer kit, all boot-related partitions have been relocated to the QSPI flash in R32.5.0.
Only the rootfs partition gets written to the SDcard.

## Kernel updated to 4.9.201

The Linux kernel in R32.5.0 has changed from being based on 4.9.140 to 4.9.201.

## U-Boot updates

The U-Boot in L4T R32.5.0 changed from a base of U-Boot v2016.07 to U-Boot v2020.04. The meta-tegra layer
switched to upstream U-Boot starting with the `dunfell-l4t-r32.4.3` branch (and is at v2020.07 in `gatesgarth`
and `v2020.10` in master), but relevant patches added by NVIDIA for the L4T release have been ported to our
branches.

## JetPack updates

Only minor updates were made in JetPack 4.5, with little impact on recipes in meta-tegra.

### VPI 1.0
[VPI (Vision Programing Interface)](https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/vpi) went from "developer preview" to general release with version 1.0.12.

## SDK Manager no longer required

As of 24 Apr 2021, the host-side (x86-64) CUDA recipes have been updated to use package feeds
that NVIDIA has added for them as well.  SDK Manager is no longer required.

# New Features not implemented in meta-tegra

The following features have been added in L4T R32.5.0/JetPack 4.5 but have not (yet) been implemented in meta-tegra.

## A/B rootfs redundancy
R32.5.0 introduced rootfs A/B redundancy for L4T, decoupled from the bootloader A/B redundancy feature (which was only available on TX2 and Xavier platforms).

## Encrypted rootfs support
R32.5.0 added a mechanism for setting up the Ubuntu distribution to use LUKS to encrypt the rootfs (on TX2 and Xavier).  The implementation is specific to the Ubuntu distro used for L4T/JetPack and the sample Trusty image NVIDIA provides.  It was already possible to implement this feature with an OE/Yocto-based distro, so it's unlikely to be needed in meta-tegra.

