As of 23 Nov 2019, the `master` and `zeus` branches support L4T R32.2.3/JetPack 4.2.3 content for Jetson TX1, Jetson TX2, Jetson Nano, and Jetson AGX Xavier.

## Please Note
The JetPack 4.2.3 content cannot be downloaded anonymously from NVIDIA's servers. You **must** use NVIDIA SDK Manager to download the JetPack 4.2.3 Debian packages to your build host, then add this setting to your build configuration (e.g., in `conf/local.conf` under your build directory):
```
NVIDIA_DEVNET_MIRROR = "file://path/to/downloads"
```
By default, the SDK Manager downloads to a directory called `Downloads/nvidia/sdkm_downloads` under your `$HOME` directory, so use that path in the above setting.

If you are building TensorRT for Jetson AGX Xavier, you must create a subdirectory called `P2888` under your `${NVIDIA_DEVNET_MIRROR}` directory and copy the Xavier-specific tensorrt `deb` files there. The TensorRT `deb` files for Jetson TX1/TX2 should remain in the main `${NVIDIA_DEVNET_MIRROR}` directory.  NVIDIA uses the exact same names for the two sets of `deb` packages, even though the content for Xavier is different from the other platforms.

If you ran the SDK Manager on Ubuntu 16.04 to download the JetPack packages, you should add the following setting to your build configuration:
```
CUDA_BINARIES_NATIVE = "cuda-binaries-ubuntu1604-native"
```
By default, the recipes assume you used Ubuntu 18.04 and reference that version of the CUDA host-side tools.

The L4T BSP files (driver package, sources for gstreamer plugins, etc.) are accessible without a DevNet account, so if your builds only require the BSP, you don't have to go through these extra steps.