As of 30 Apr 2020, the `master` and `dunfell-l4t-r32.4.2` branches support L4T R32.4.2/JetPack 4.4 Developer Preview content for Jetson TX1, Jetson TX2, Jetson Nano, and Jetson AGX Xavier. Experimental support for
Jetson Xavier NX (eMMC module in Jetson Nano B01 carrier) is also present.

As of 12 Jul 2020, L4T R32.4.3/JetPack 4.4 GA is available on the `master` branch. R32.4.2/4.4 DP should not be used for new development.

# Notable changes from R32.3.1 / JetPack 4.3

## U-Boot updated to v2020.04

NVIDIA has upstreamed all of their U-Boot changes, so the `u-boot-tegra` recipe is now based off the upstream
U-Boot repository, instead of NVIDIA's.  NVIDIA has not yet created a separate U-Boot configuration for
the Nano eMMC (sku 0002) module, so patches have been added for it, as was done for R32.3.1.

## CUDA 10.2

JetPack 4.4 DP updates CUDA to version 10.2, which is compatible with GCC 8.  Recipes for building
the GCC 8 toolchain have been added to the `meta-tegra/contrib` layer.

## Fewer SDK Manager downloads required
With NVIDIA now providing direct package feeds for their L4T/JetPack OTA updates, recipes have been updated
to use those feeds where possible.  The host-side CUDA toolkit must still be downloaded using the SDK Manager,
as before.

# Other Notes

## CUDA host tools
If you ran the SDK Manager on Ubuntu 16.04 to download the CUDA host-side tools, you should add the following setting to your build configuration:
```
CUDA_BINARIES_x86-64 = "cuda-binaries-ubuntu1604"
```
By default, the recipes assume you used Ubuntu 18.04 and reference that version of the CUDA host-side tools.

## Kernel `defconfig` file removed
The kernel (linux-tegra) recipe has been changed to generate the default configuration from the `arch/arm64/configs/tegra_defconfig` file in the source tree, rather than including the full kernel
configuration as a `defconfig` file.  If you have a customized kernel configuration and were overriding
the default configuration by supplying your own `defconfig` file, you will either need to convert your
modifications into config fragment files (see the [YP Linux Kernel Dev Manual](https://www.yoctoproject.org/docs/3.1/kernel-dev/kernel-dev.html) for documentation), or use a `.bbappend` file to add your `defconfig` file back into the SRC_URI.
